Add documentation (#72)
ChainSafe/chainlink-cosmos: docs/doc.md

# Cosmos ChainLink Module Documentation

> Cosmos ChainLink Module is a Cosmos SDK module that allows developers to add Chainlink data feed support to their applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Cosmos ChainLink Module is a Cosmos-SDK module that allows developers to add Chainlink data feed support and off-chain reporting to their applications.
```

## Basic Concept

> ChainLink Module allows developers to add Chainlink data feed support to their applications with a permission control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ChainLink Module allows developers to add Chainlink data feed support to their applications with some permission control. 
```

> There are three level account permission to manage the chainlink feed data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three levels of account permissions to manage in the chainlink module:
```

1. module owner
2. feed owner
3. feed data provider

> Module owner is a list of cosmos accounts to manage the chainlink module; however，an init module owner assigned in the genesis.json. Module owners are trusted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Module Owner** is a list of cosmos accounts to manage the chainlink module. The initial Module Owner will be required to be assigned in the genesis file (`genesis.json`). Module Owners are trusted 
```

> cosmos accounts which has ability to create new data feed with init feed parameters and owner of the feed. Module ownership is able to be transferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cosmos accounts that has the ability to create a new `Feed` with init Feed Parameters. A Module Owner can transfer their ownership to another account.
```

> Feed owner is a cosmos account and only one owner per a feed. The init owner of a feed is assigned by module owner when the feed is created. Feed owner is able to manage the feed parameters such as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Feed Owner** is a cosmos account and there may only be one feed owner per feed. The initial feed owner of a feed is assigned by the Module Owner when the `Feed` is created. The Feed Owner is able to manage the feed parameters such as the
```

> heartbeat, feed data submission count, data providers etc. Feed ownership is able to be transferred.

Reviewer: A Feed Owner can transfer their ownership to another account.

> Feed data provider is also a cosmos account that is able to sign the feed data submit transaction to the module. Only the valid data provider of a feed is able to submit the fee data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A feed **Data Provider** is a cosmos account that is able to sign and submit feed data transactions to the module. Only an account that is included in the valid data provider list of a feed is able to submit any feed data
```

> to that feed, valid feed data provider list is managed by the feed owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to that feed. The list of valid Data Providers is managed by the Feed Owner.
```

Currently the module is in development, all the transactions and queries are available throught CLI, we will be working on REST, JSON-RPC 2.0 and gRPC endpoints later.

All CLI commands are using Cosmos CLI command format. For example get all module owner CLI: `chainlinkd query chainlink getModuleOwnerList --chain-id testchain -o json`

## CLI Endpoints

### Module owner

#### Transaction

1. Add init module owner in genesis file  
The init module owner address and public key are required.  
Note: this transaction is only available through CLI, and can only be executed before chain launching.
```bash

> add-genesis-module-owner [address] [pubKey]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chainlinkd add-genesis-module-owner [address] [pubKey]
```

```

2. Add new module owner  

> Can be signed by existing module owner only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only a valid module owner is able to sign and submit this transaction.
```

```bash

> addModuleOwner [address] [pubKey]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chainlinkd addModuleOwner [address] [pubKey]
```

```

3. Module ownership transfer  

> Can be signed by existing module owner only.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only a valid module owner is able to sign and submit this transaction.
```

   The address and pubKey should match the new module owner.
```bash

> moduleOwnershipTransfer [address] [pubKey]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chainlinkd moduleOwnershipTransfer [address] [pubKey]
```

```

4. Add new feed  

>    Can be signed by existing module owner only.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Only a valid module owner is able to sign and submit this transaction.
```

>    `initDataProviderList` is a string with data providers' address and pubKey connecting with comma.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `initDataProviderList` is a comma-separated string with the data providers' address and pubKey.   
```

>    For example:`address1,keyKey1,address2,pubKey2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example:`address1,pubKey1,address2,pubKey2`
```

```bash

> addFeed [feedId] [feedOwnerAddress] [submissionCount] [heartbeatTrigger] [deviationThresholdTrigger] [initDataProviderList]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chainlinkd addFeed [feedId] [feedOwnerAddress] [submissionCount] [heartbeatTrigger] [deviationThresholdTrigger] [initDataProviderList]
```

```

#### Query

1. Get all module owners
```bash

> getModuleOwnerList

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chainlinkd getModuleOwnerList
```

```

### Feed Owner

#### Transaction
WIP

#### Query

1. Get feed info by feedId
```bash

> getFeedInfo [feedId]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chainlinkd getFeedInfo [feedId]
```

```

### Feed Data Provider

#### Transaction

1. Submit feed data  

> Only valid data provider(signer of this transaction) is able to submit feed data to particular feed base on feedId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only a valid data provider(signer of the transaction) is able to submit feed data to a particular feed that is identified by its `feedId`.
```

```bash

> submitFeedData [feedId] [feedData] [signatures]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chainlinkd submitFeedData [feedId] [feedData] [signatures]
```

```

#### Query 
1. Query feed data by round  

> `feedId` is optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`feedId` is optional; if no `feedId` is provided, all feed data for the provided round will be returned.
```

```bash

> getRoundFeedData [roundId] [feedId]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chainlinkd getRoundFeedData [roundId] [feedId]
```

```

2. Query the latest round of feed data  

> `feedId` is optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`feedId` is optional; if no `feedId` is provided, all feed data for the latest round will be returned.
```

```bash

> getLatestFeedData [feedId]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chainlinkd getLatestFeedData [feedId]
```
